Why does US doping agency destroy an American icon, @lancearmstrong, for events that took place years ago in France?
France is losing its businesses and wealth rapidly and day by day.
France was just stripped of its AAA bond rating.  With the PMs radical tax rates...
Great American heroes who averted an attack in France. THANK YOU! Spencer Stone, Anthony Sadler, &amp; Alex Skarlatos. 
The French police are afraid to go into many  communities. How did France let this all happen, and how did the female terrorist ever escape?
My @gretawire interview discussing the economy, unemployment numbers, China, Charles Barkley,France and the election  
My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice, France. We are with you in every way!
In light of the horrible attack in Nice, France, I have postponed tomorrow's news conference concerning my Vice Presidential announcement.
Another horrific attack, this time in Nice, France. Many dead and injured. When will we learn? It is only getting worse.
It was a great honor to be with President @EmmanuelMacron of France this afternoon with his delegation. Great bilateral meeting! #UNGA 
RT @foxandfriends: France vehicle attack leaves at least six soldiers injured
President @EmmanuelMacron,
Thank you for inviting Melania and myself to such a historic celebration in France. #BastilleDay #14juillet 
Just landed from Paris, France. It was an incredible visit with President @EmmanuelMacron. A lot discussed and accomplished in two days!
The United States mourns for the victims of Nice, France. We pledge our solidarity with France against terror. 
Great evening with President @EmmanuelMacron &amp; Mrs. Macron. Went to Eiffel Tower for dinner. Relationship with France stronger than ever. 
Melania and I were thrilled to join the dedicated men and women of the @USEmbassyFrance, members of the U.S. Military and their families. 
Just landed in Paris, France with @FLOTUS Melania.
Getting rdy to leave for France @ the invitation of President Macron to celebrate &amp; honor Bastille Day and 100yrs since U.S. entry into WWI.
Will be speaking with Germany and France this morning.
Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of France. I look very much forward to working with him!
Very interesting election currently taking place in France.
Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presidential election!
A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris. Tourists were locked down. France on edge again. GET SMART U.S.
.@FLOTUS did a spectacular job hosting the President of France @EmmanuelMacron and his wife Brigitte. Every detail was done to perfection. The State Dining Room never looked more beautiful, and Washington is abuzz over what an incredible job Melania did.
Busy day planned.  Looking forward to watching President Macron of France address a Joint Session of Congress today. This is a great honor and seldom allowed to be done...he will be GREAT!
¡°President Trump Calls the U.S.-France Relationship ¡®Unbreakable.¡¯ History Shows He¡¯s Right.¡± 
Having great meetings and discussions with my friend, President @EmmanuelMacron of France. We are in the midst of meetings on Iran, Syria and Trade. We will be holding a joint press conference shortly, here at the @WhiteHouse. 
A perfectly executed strike last night. Thank you to France and the United Kingdom for their wisdom and the power of their fine Military. Could not have had a better result. Mission Accomplished!
France honors a great hero. Officer died after bravely swapping places with hostage in ISIS related terror attack. So much bravery around the world constantly fighting radical Islamic terrorism. Even stronger measures needed, especially at borders!
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the horrible attack in France yesterday, and we grieve the nation¡¯s loss. We also condemn the violent actions of the attacker and anyone who would provide him support. We are with you @EmmanuelMacron!
My great friends from NASCAR are having their big race today, The Daytona 500. Brian France and the France family are special people. Enjoy the race!

