China is now attacking Japan's economy for leverage
  Soon they will try the same with us. #TimeToGetTough
China is an international pariah. They are now harassing Japan over its purchase of 3 uninhabited islands  
The new reality, China and Japan are warning us not to default  Reckless government spending has made us weak.
"@Robertr369: @realDonaldTrump if only Japan had the same courtesy Dec 1941"  They should have told us they were coming like us with Syria!
We allow Japan to sell us millions of cars with zero import tax and we can't make a trade deal with them - our country is in big trouble!
N.Y.Times headline states Obama suffers setbacks in Japan trade deal. Can somebody please tell him that with all they sell us, WE HAVE CARDS
WWII vs. Now! During the 3 1/2 years of World War II that started with the Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor
TPP does not stop Japan＊s currency manipulation &amp; China has a backdoor to join. It must be stopped. We need to protect the American worker!
"@DurandSentinus: Japan has faster trains &amp; better safety. What is wrong with us?? AMTRAK! @realDonaldTrump could easily fix!
The Trans-Pacific Partnership is an attack on America's business. It does not  stop Japan's currency manipulation. This is a bad deal.
"@ColdMud: "I defy the Belgians or Japanese to produce something like a @realDonaldTrump. If that makes me an exceptionalist, I plead guilty
"@josealfredotel1: @realDonaldTrump I think the best are, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, Japan, Dominican Rep. Canada, Colombia
Masa (SoftBank) of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50,000 new jobs....
I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing @nytimes said. Russia, U.K., China, Saudi Arabia, Japan,
My visit to Japan and friendship with PM Abe will yield many benefits, for our great Country. Massive military &amp; energy orders happening+++!
May God be w/ the people of Sutherland Springs, Texas. The FBI &amp; law enforcement are on the scene. I am monitoring the situation from Japan.
Just gave a speech to the great men and women at Yokota Air Base in Tokyo, Japan. Leaving to see Prime Minister Abe.
RT @IvankaTrump: Touched by the warm hospitality of Prime Minister Abe and the Japanese people. 丐曰互午丹仍介中引允 [Thank you]! Until next time ????＃
Just took off for ceremony @ Pearl Harbor. Will then be heading to Japan, SKorea, China, Vietnam &amp; the Philippines. Will never let you down!
I am allowing Japan &amp; South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States.
When I left Conference Room for short meetings with Japan and other countries, I asked Ivanka to hold seat. Very standard. Angela M agrees!
After Poland had a great meeting with Chancellor Merkel and then with PM Shinz身 Abe of Japan &amp; President Moon of South Korea.
....and Japan will put up with this much longer. Perhaps China will put a heavy move on North Korea and end this nonsense once and for all!
Thoughts and prayers with the sailors of USS Fitzgerald and their families. Thank you to our Japanese allies for 
After two days of very productive talks, Prime Minister Abe is heading back to Japan. L
A working dinner tonight with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, and his representatives, at the Winter White House (Mar-a-Lago). Very good talks!
Played golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and @TheBig_Easy, Ernie Els, and had a great time. Japan is very well represented!
Playef golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and @TheBig_Easy, Ernie Els, and had a great time. Japan is very well represented!
Melania and I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs. Abe at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla. They are a wonderful couple!
Just had a long and very good talk with President Moon of South Korea. Things are going very well, time and location of meeting with North Korea is being set. Also spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan to inform him of the ongoing negotiations.
Great meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, who has just left Florida. Talked in depth about North Korea, Military and Trade. Good things will happen!
Great working luncheon with U.S. and Japanese Delegations this afternoon! https://t.co/ywU2CEih8b
Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan and myself this morning building an even deeper and better relationship while playing a quick round of golf at Trump International Golf Club.
While Japan and South Korea would like us to go back into TPP, I don＊t like the deal for the United States. Too many contingencies and no way to get out if it doesn＊t work. Bilateral deals are far more efficient, profitable and better for OUR workers. Look how bad WTO is to U.S.
Getting ready to meet Prime Minister Abe of Japan, a truly fine gentleman!
I am in Florida and looking forward to my meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Working on Trade and Military Security.
Would only join TPP if the deal were substantially better than the deal offered to Pres. Obama. We already have BILATERAL deals with six of the eleven nations in TPP, and are working to make a deal with the biggest of those  nations, Japan, who has hit us hard on trade for years!
Spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan, who is very enthusiastic about talks with North Korea. Also discussing opening up Japan to much better trade with the U.S. Currently have a massive $100 Billion Trade Deficit. Not fair or sustainable. It will all work out!

